Update performance testing in BIOSD (#355)
biometricITC/cPP-biometrics: Supporting Documents/BS_SD.adoc

===== Objective of the EA

> The evaluator shall verify that the TOE implements the biometric verification mechanism whose upper bound confidence interval of error rates don't exceed the claimed error rates (i.e. value of FAR/FMR and FRR/FNMR specified in FIA_MBV_EXT.1.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The evaluator shall verify that the TOE implements the biometric verification mechanism whose upper bound confidence interval of error rates does not exceed the claimed error rates (i.e. value of FAR/FMR and FRR/FNMR specified in FIA_MBV_EXT.1.2).
```

Reviewer: We're using different confidence intervals depending on the error rate. Do we need to specify those everywhere, or can we refer to the section where they are defined (both here and elsewhere)? They aren't mentioned until an Example much later.

> The evaluator shall solely rely on the supplementary information (developer’s performance report explained in <<Developer’s performance report and its assessment strategy>>) to achieve this objective following instruction defined in Assessment Strategy. The <<BIOPP-Module>> assumes that the biometric verification is not used for the security sensitive services and the TOE operational environment also limits the maximum number of failed verification attempts in succession. Therefore, the evaluator does not need to take lots of time and cost to gather test subjects and conduct the independent testing for this SFR.

Reviewer: I thought the older explanation was mostly fine and that it could be important to keep the "zero-effort impostor" term included in the explanation. However, if we keep this, let's mention that we mean a large quantity of people.

```suggestion
The evaluator shall solely rely on the supplementary information (developer’s performance report explained in <<Developer’s performance report and its assessment strategy>>) to achieve this objective following instruction defined in Assessment Strategy. The <<BIOPP-Module>> assumes that the biometric verification is not used for security sensitive services and the TOE operational environment also limits the maximum number of failed verification attempts in succession. Therefore, the evaluator does not need to gather large quantities of test subjects to conduct the independent testing for this SFR.
```
